hey jack swing by my workshop when we
get back to the Phantom blade I found
something on the research trick that I
think I can use to tweak your guns down
you
you did it you are first made material
my dear now what it's pointing to an
area near fire drop and another target
the other way
missing three parts
perhaps it's trying to repair itself
yeah and kanga Robbins are gonna fly out
of my fuzzy but the thing is broken no I
think it's pointing to it's missing
pieces which direction do we go first
let's head to the point near far drop
prepare that at the other direction are
you questioning my authority no I'm
questioning your judgment the second
location is closer I will defer fakira
whatever your heart desires my sweet
Jack what do you want to do
you